---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /research/
---

## Indices and Databases
<p><a href="http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7237-1973">ORCID</a><br /><a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=InE-jdsAAAAJ">Google Scholar</a></p>

## Journal Articles
<b>12.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and Pollack, J., (2017) "Escalation of Memory Length in Finite Populations". In <i>preprint bioRxiv</i>, Vol. , pp. 130583.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.biorxiv.org/content/early/2017/04/25/130583">pdf</a><br> <br><b>11.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., C. Rueden and K. Eliceiri, (2017) "FunImageJ: a Lisp framework for scientific image processing". In <i>Bioinformatics</i>, btx710.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/advance-article-pdf/doi/10.1093/bioinformatics/btx710/21835152/btx710.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>10.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I. S, (2016) "Wolfgang Banzhaf and Lidia Yamamoto: Artificial Chemistries". In <i>Genetic Programming and Evolvable Machines</i>, Vol. 17, pp. 317-319.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://rdcu.be/npkK">pdf</a><br> <br><b>9.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Wang, A. L., J. M. Gold, N. Tompkins, M. Heymann, K. I. Harrington, and S. Fraden, (2016) "Configurable NOR Gate Arrays from Belousov-Zhabotinsky Micro-droplets". In <i>European Physics Journal: Special Topics</i>, Vol. 225, no. 1, pp. 211-227.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://link.springer.com/article/10.1140/epjst/e2016-02622-y">pdf</a><br> <br><b>8.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Costa G.*, K. Harrington*, H. Lovegrove*, D. Page, S. Chakravartula, K. Bentley, S. Herbert - * Joint primary authors, (2016) "Asymmetric division coordinates collective cell migration in angiogenesis". In <i>Nature Cell Biology</i>, Vol. 18, pp. 1292–1301.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>7.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Kur, E., Kim, J., Tata, A., Comin, C. H., Harrington, K. I., Costa, L, Bentley, K., Gu, C., (2016) "Temporal modulation of collective cell behavior controls vascular network topology". In <i>eLife</i>, Vol. 5, pp. e13212.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.13212">pdf</a><br> <br><b>6.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I. S., (2016) "A Circuit Basis for Morphogenesis". In <i>Theoretical Computer Science</i>, Vol. 633, pp. 28-36.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Kyle_Harrington/publication/282626334_A_circuit_basis_for_morphogenesis/links/57a4a4ff08aefe6167aee512.pdf?origin=publication_detail&amp;ev=pub_int_prw_xdl&amp;msrp=OKNteOV602r-QlWov12hqoa2H6ezb4Uo2Vyio4xR8RSvOVKIO-9Vea3JiGG-xr4frwVJsPk0u-I_IUHJsH4beg.VdqCqjQytVn8tx5jRI-Yvc72T6TkR4Cs6D2QSqvlOouqYOBfU0Uqy7qFPQ8w1FDVFEZMquSUZypuvOME39UiKg.dd2DtqXfSCz4zViOzRY4JCzZQrhxGa5xHBIOdcXimwQj1t0RrGsSyt6EeNlTnRRJ-ZX53qAdoB0qrMRegzSYiw">pdf</a><br> <br><b>5.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Cussat-Blanc, S., K. Harrington, and J. Pollack, (2015) "Gene Regulatory Network Evolution Through Augmenting Topologies". In <i>IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation</i>, Vol. , pp. 823-837.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://oatao.univ-toulouse.fr/15414/1/cussat_15414.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>4.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and Sanchez, A., (2014) "Eco-evolutionary dynamics of complex social strategies in microbial communities". In <i>Communicative and Integrative Biology</i>, Vol. 7, pp. e28230.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.landesbioscience.com/journals/cib/2014CIB0011R.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Shang, Y., P. Haynes, N. P&iacute;rez, K. Harrington, F. Guo, J. Pollack, P. Hong, L. Griffith, and M. Rosbash, (2011) "Imaging analysis of clock neurons: light buffers the wake-promoting effect of dopamine". In <i>Nature Neuroscience</i>, Vol. 14, no. 7, pp. 889-895.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.bio.brandeis.edu/rosbashlab/PublishedPapers/2011/Shang.NatNeuro.2011.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Olsen, M., K. Harrington, and H. Siegelmann, (2010) "Conspecific Emotional Cooperation Biases Population Dynamics: A Cellular Automata Approach". In <i>International Journal of Natural Computing Research</i>, Vol. 1, no. 3, pp. 51-65.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/OlsenHarringtonSiegelmann_2010_emotionCA.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp; Spector, L., J. Klein, and K. Harrington, (2005) "Selection Songs: Evolutionary Music Computation". In <i>YLEM Journal</i>, Vol. 25, no. 6 & 8, pp. 24-26.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/selection-songs.pdf">pdf</a>

## Peer-reviewed conference and workshop papers
<b>16.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and L. Magbunduku, (2017) "Competitive dynamics in eco-evolutionary genetically-regulated swarms". In <i>Proceedings of the 14th European Conference on Artificial Life ECAL 2017</i>, pp. 190-197.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Kyle_Harrington/publication/319639610_Competitive_dynamics_in_eco-evolutionary_genetically-regulated_swarms/links/59b7c188a6fdcc7415bfde9c/Competitive-dynamics-in-eco-evolutionary-genetically-regulated-swarms.pdf?_iepl%5BhomeFeedViewId%5D=qKjhnfCC0ICe3JQZBCVECF0JyKT0amSVBrND&amp;_iepl%5Bcontexts%5D%5B0%5D=pcfhf&amp;_iepl%5BinteractionType%5D=publicationDownload&amp;origin=publication_detail&amp;ev=pub_int_prw_xdl&amp;msrp=eyDxZbIxD-i5ldwmr4o6R94VCM6T29vK53evHmRUt5cTXI5BV-jNcj5v8pyGpidoWmvOtjztSVivKz-n1lGhitj5J80YhqOlhKKUAlfEc-yJdQH0tm3oVrrH.3h5ReRtlW3RsSX9PDb194N4qyRDZ1Y3LNrwofJrt7jcr-sYHMiHuWrW5_7qj8tCYMaJQrLu7yO-Bo2L1Eq7lC6VYt6Z1_2AQr2BqFA.wTcS1AuVkab6BZLQe0VjMIVAENpFGr3v8Q0NW5llBEuPmOmhpDwd7o4h5SbO5_0ZREZ7uUI3wj7sLy-aC-Cdh2UmfNbz71YUlYl9PA.KjRo3yaobvZZmGUShX17nZ9thiDVdWw-4HYO9GBLzcittyoLMbAkubmKulq_5X6SAfUX5d10l4RWYCzuonTtJYXj0TmHeOUDZHdXqw">pdf</a><br>
<br><b>15.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Cussat-Blanc, S. and K. Harrington, (2015) "Genetically-regulated Neuromodulation Facilitates Multi-Task Reinforcement Learning". In <i>Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference</i>, pp. 551-558.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>14.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Lowell, J., K. Harrington, and J. Pollack, (2014) "The Resilience of a Swarm Ecosystem Under Environmental Variation". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIV</i>, pp. 827-834.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/EnvVarSwarm_alife14_submission_134.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>13.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Gold, J., A. Wang, and K. Harrington, (2014) "Feedback Control of Evolving Swarms". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIV</i>, pp. 884-891.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/FeedbackSwarm_alife14_submission_164.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>12.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Bentley, K., K. Harrington, and E. R. Regan, (2014) "Can active perception generate bistability? Heterogeneous collective dynamics and vascular patterning". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIV</i>, pp. 328-335.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/ActivePerception_alife14_submission_129.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>11.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., J. Freeman, and J. Pollack, (2014) "Coevolution in Hide and Seek: Camouflage and Vision". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIV</i>, pp. 25-32.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/HideAndSeek_alife14_submission_154.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>10.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., E. Awa, S. Cussat-Blanc, and J. Pollack, (2013) "Robot Coverage Control by Evolved Neuromodulation". In <i>Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks</i>, pp. 543-550.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/EvoGRNNeuromodulator.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>9.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Ozisik, A. P., Harrington, K. I., (2012) "The Effect of Tags on the Evolution of Honest Signaling". In <i>Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference Companion</i>, pp. 345-352.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/OzisikECoMASS2012.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>8.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., L. Spector, J. B. Pollack, and U.M. O'Reilly, (2012) "Autoconstructive Evolution for Structural Problems". In <i>Proceedings of the fourteenth international conference on Genetic and evolutionary computation conference companion </i>, pp. 75-82.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/autogecco2012.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>7.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Spector, L., K. Harrington, and T. Helmuth, (2012) "Tag-based Modularity in Tree-based Genetic Programming". In <i>Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference</i>, pp. 815-822.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://kyleharrington.com/papers/p815.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>6.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., A. P. Ozisik, and J. Pollack, (2012) "The Effects of Finite Populations and Selection on the Emergence of Signaling". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIII</i>, pp. 194-201.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/ALife2012_EmergenceofSignaling.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>5.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., E. Tosch, L. Spector, and J. Pollack, (2011) "Compositional Autoconstructive Dynamics". In <i>Unifying Themes in Complex Systems Volume VIII: Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Complex Systems</i>, pp. 856-870.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://necsi.edu/events/iccs2011/papers/294.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>4.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Spector, L., B. Martin, K. Harrington, and T. Helmuth, (2011) "Tag-Based Modules in Genetic Programming". In <i>Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference</i>, pp. 1419-1426.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://helios.hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/spector-tags-gecco-2011-with-citation.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., M. Olsen, and H. Siegelmann, (2011) "Communicated Somatic Markers Benefit the Individual and the Species". In <i>Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks</i>, pp. 3272-3278.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://kyleharrington.com/IJCNN-2011.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Olsen, M., K. Harrington. and H. Siegelmann, (2011) "Computational Emotions in a Population Dynamics Cellular Automata Encourage Collective Behavior". In <i>Unifying Themes in Complex Systems Volume VIII: Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Complex Systems</i>, pp. 196-210.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://necsi.edu/events/iccs2011/papers/229.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Olsen, M., K. Harrington, and H. Siegelmann, (2008) "Emotions for Strategic Real-Time Systems". In <i>AAAI Spring Symposium on Emotion, Personality, and Social Behavior</i>, pp. 104-110.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://binds.cs.umass.edu/papers/2008_Olsen_AAAISS04.pdf">pdf</a>

## Book chapters
<b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Spector, L., K. Harrington, B. Martin, and T. Helmuth, (2011) "What's in an Evolved Name? The Evolution of Modularity via Tag-Based Reference". In <i>Genetic Programming Theory and Practice IX</i>, edited by Riolo, R., E. Vladislavleva, and J.H. Moore, pp. 1-16.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/spector-gptp11-preprint.pdf">pdf</a><br>
<br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and H. Siegelmann, (2007) "Adaptive Multi-modal Sensors". In <i>50 Years of Artificial Intelligence</i>, edited by Lungarella, M., F. Iida, J. Bongard, and R. Pfeifer, pp. 164-173.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cellicone.com/HarringtonSiegelmann-AdaptiveMultimodalSensors.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and G. Trajkovski, (2006) "On an Evolutionary Approach to Language". In <i>An Imitation-Based Approach to Modeling Homogenous Agents Societies</i>, edited by Trajkovski, G., pp. 212-229.&nbsp;&nbsp;

## Short papers and abstracts
<b>13.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Faulkner-Jones, B. E., Rosen, D., Rosen, S., Harrington, K., Law, C., (2016) "Maximizing Information from the Renal Biopsy: Computer-Generated Three-Dimensional Constructs". In <i>Laboratory Investigation</i>, pp. 405a.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
<br><b>12.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Cussat-Blanc, S., K. Harrington, and J. Pollack, (2015) "Gene Regulatory Network Evolution Through Augmenting Topologies". In <i>Proceedings of GECCO 2015, Hot-off-the-press.</i>, in press.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>11.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, T. Stiles, L. Venkatraman, C. Prahst, K. Bentley, (2015) "Functional Image Processing in ImageJ/FIJI". In <i>Proceedings of Bioimage Informatics</i>, in press.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://isg.nist.gov/BII_2015/webPages/pages/2015_BII_program/PDFs/Day_3/Session_8/Abstract_Harrington_Kyle.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>10.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, B. Faulkner-Jones, K. Bentley, S. Rosen, (2015) "Automated Quantification of Renal Microvascular Abnormalities: A Novel Computational Mapping Approach". In <i>Proceedings of the American Society of Nephrology</i>, in press.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>9.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, C. Prahst, C. Yoon, B. Lavina Siemsen, K. Bentley, (2015) "Quantitative Image Analysis Reveals Multiscale Patterns in Vascular Networks". In <i>Gordon Research Conference on Angiogenesis</i>, pp. .&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>8.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Gold, J., A. Wang, C. Girabawe, K. Harrington, and S. Fraden, (2014) "Modelling Nonlinear Chemical Oscillators with Inhibitory Coupling". In <i>Proceedings of the Northeast Bioengineering Conference</i>, pp. 1-2.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://www.cs.brandeis.edu//~kyleh/2014_NEBEC4.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>7.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., M. Olsen, and H. Siegelmann, (2012) "Computational Neuroecology of Communicated Somatic Markers". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XIII</i>, pp. 555-556.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/ALife2012_CompNeuroeco.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>6.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Spector, L., T. Helmuth, and K. Harrington, (2011) "Fecundity and Selectivity in Evolutionary Computation". In <i>Proceedings of the 13th annual conference companion on Genetic and evolutionary computation</i>, pp. 129-130.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/decimation-gecco2011-cited.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>5.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., and J. B. Pollack, (2010) "Robot Phylogenetics". In <i>Proceedings of the 12th annual conference companion on Genetic and evolutionary computation</i>, pp. 2077-2078.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/RobotPhylogenetics.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>4.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Heymann, M., K. I. Harrington, J. Pollack, and S. Fraden, (2010) "En route to signal inversion in chemical computing". In <i>Proceedings of Artificial Life XII</i>, pp. 166-167.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="mitpress.mit.edu/sites/default/files/titles/alife/0262290758chap35.pdf">pdf</a><br> <br><b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., (2007) "Predicting Reactions from Amino Acid Sequences in S. cerevisiae: an Evolutionary Computation Approach". In <i>Proceedings of the 2007 GECCO conference companion on Genetic and evolutionary computation</i>, pp. 2725-2728.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and H. Siegelmann, (2006) "Adaptive Multi-modal Sensors". In <i>Proceedings of the 50th Anniversary Summit of Artificial Intelligence</i>, pp. 163-164.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Spector, L., J. Klein, K. Harrington, and R. Coppinger, (2005) "Teaching the Evolution of Behavior with SuperDuperWalker". In <i>Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Education</i>, pp. 923-925.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/sdw-aid2005.pdf">pdf</a><h3>Other publications</h3><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I. S, (2014) "Escalation of Coevolutionary Arms Races". In <i>Department of Computer Science, Brandeis University</i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://ndownloader.figshare.com/files/6944900">pdf</a><br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., and J. Pollack, (2011) "Zipper-based Meta-Genetic Programming". In <i>Technical Report Brandeis University CS-11-275</i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="http://pages.cs.brandeis.edu/~kyleh/ZipperMetaGP.pdf">pdf</a>

## Talks
<b>31.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Image-based Modeling". <i>Data Science Day, Washington State University, Pullman, WA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
<br><b>30.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Functional Scientific Programming: Bringing Images to Life". <i>BosLab, Somerville, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>29.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Image-based Computational Biology". <i>IBEST, UIdaho, Moscow, ID</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>28.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Fishing is in the Blood: Modeling, Quantification and Visualization of Zebrafish Vascular Development". <i>Max Planck Institute for Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>27.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Computational Modeling of Physical Systems: from Chemistries to Organisms (invited)". <i>IRIT Symposium, University of Toulouse</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>26.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Machine Learning (invited)". <i>2IS Innovative Information Systems, University of Toulouse</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>25.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Escalation of Complexity through Competition". <i>BEACON Institute, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI & UIdaho, Moscow, ID</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>24.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Image-based Modeling for Biological Systems (invited)". <i>2017 NIH IDeA Western Regional Conference</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>23.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Biological Image Analysis using the ImageJ/Fiji Software Ecosystem". <i>ImageXD, University of Washington, Seattle, WA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>22.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2017) "Developing Computational Models with Biological Images". <i>Mathematical Biology Seminar, Washington State University, Pullman, WA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>21.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2016) "Escalation in the Complexity of Cooperative Strategies". <i>University of Idaho, Institute for Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies, Moscow, ID</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>20.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2016) "Virtual Morphogenesis: Toward Growing Models with Images". <i>University of Wisconsin, Laboratory for Optical and Computational Instrumentation, Madison, WI</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>19.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2016) "Virtual Morphogenesis: Directing Pattern Formation". <i>University of Idaho, Center for Modeling Complex Interactions, Moscow, ID</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>18.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2016) "Virtualization and Simulation for Biology and Evolution". <i>Idaho EPSCoR Annual Meeting, Coeur d'Alene, ID</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>17.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, (2015) "Scientific Computing in Clojure". <i>Clojure/Conj 2015, Philadelphia, PA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>16.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, T. Stiles, L. Venkatraman, C. Prahst, K. Bentley, (2015) "Functional Image Processing in ImageJ/FIJI". <i>Bioimage Informatics 2015, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, MD</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>15.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2014) "Evolution, the First Programmer". <i>HHMI Interfaces Award Lecture Series, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>14.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., A. Brilot, (2014) "Bridging Structure and Evolution". <i>HHMI Interfaces Award Lecture Series, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>13.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., J. Freeman, J. Pollack, (2014) "Coevolution in Hide and Seek: Camouflage and Vision". <i>ALife 14, New York, NY</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>12.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., E. Awa, S. Cussat-Blanc, J. Pollack, (2013) "Robot Coverage Control by Evolved Neuromodulation". <i>IJCNN, Dallas, TX</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>11.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., J. Chin, (2013) "Embracing the Inner Cyborg: the Computational Immunology of Organ Transplantation". <i>Quantitative Biology Graduate Talks, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>10.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Ozisik, A. P., Harrington, K. I., (2012) "The Effect of Tags on the Evolution of Honest Signaling". <i>GECCO-2012, Philadelphia, PA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>9.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., L. Spector, J. B. Pollack, U.M. O'Reilly, (2012) "Autoconstructive Evolution for Structural Problems". <i>GECCO-2012, Philadelphia, PA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>8.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., M. Olsen, H. Siegelmann, (2011) "Communicated Somatic Markers Benefit the Individual and the Species". <i>IJCNN, San Jose, CA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>7.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2011) "Evolving Evolution". <i>Quantitative Biology Graduate Talks, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>6.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2011) "Evolving Evolution: part 1, Variation". <i>ALFA Group, MIT, Cambridge, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>5.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., E. Tosch, L. Spector, J. Pollack, (2011) "Compositional Autoconstructive Dynamics". <i>ICCS, Quincy, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>4.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K. I., J. B. Pollack, (2010) "Robot Phylogenetics". <i>GECCO-2010, Portland, OR</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2010) "Attention to Details: from a Single-Cell to a Multi-cellular Observer". <i>Boston College, Boston, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2008) "Artificial Embryogenesis". <i>Greythumb Artificial Life Group, Cambridge, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2007) "Predicting Reactions from Amino Acid Sequences in S. cerevisiae: an Evolutionary Computation Approach". <i>GECCO-2007, London, UK</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;

## Posters
<b>12.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, B. E. Faulkner-Jones, K. Bentley, S. Rosen, (2015) "Automated quantification of renal microvascular abnormalities: A novel computational mapping approach". <i>American Society of Nephrology 2015, San Diego, CA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
<br><b>11.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K I S, C. Prahst, C. Yoon, B. Lavina Siemsen, K. Bentley, (2015) "Quantitative Image Analysis Reveals Multiscale Patterns in Vascular Networks". <i>Gordon Research Conference on Angiogenesis</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>10.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Lowell, J., K. Harrington, J. Pollack, (2014) "The Resilience of a Swarm Ecosystem Under Environmental Variation". <i>ALife 14, New York, NY</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>9.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Gold, J., A. Wang, C. Girabawe, K. Harrington, S. Fraden, (2014) "Modelling Nonlinear Chemical Oscillators with Inhibitory Coupling". <i>Northeast Bioengineering Conference, Boston, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>8.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Gold, J., A. Wang, K. Harrington, (2014) "Feedback Control of Evolving Swarms". <i>ALife 14, New York, NY</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>7.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Chin, J., K. Harrington, (2013) "Evolutionary Pressures of Dynamic Peptide Fragments on Immunological Selectivity". <i>Brandeis Scifest, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>6.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., (2013) "Brevis, a Functional Artificial Life Simulator". <i>Volen Complex Systems Retreat, Provincetown, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>5.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Gold, J., A. Wang, K. Harrington, S. Fraden, J. Pollack, (2013) "Computing with Nonlinear Chemical Oscillators at the Microfluidic Scale". <i>Brandeis Scifest, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>4.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Bardasu, A., K. Harrington, (2013) "Coevolving Fitness Predictors for Pairwise Games". <i>Brandeis Scifest, Waltham, MA</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>3.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., M. Olsen, H. Siegelmann, (2012) "Computational Neuroecology of Communicated Somatic Markers". <i>ALife 13, E. Lansing, MI</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>2.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., A. P. Ozisik, J. Pollack, (2012) "The Effects of Finite Populations and Selection on the Emergence of Signaling". <i>ALife 13, E. Lansing, MI</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> <br><b>1.</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Harrington, K., H. Siegelmann, (2006) "Adaptive Multi-modal Sensors". <i>Monte Verita, Switzerland</i>&nbsp;&nbsp;
